(gentle upbeat music)
- So we often get the question,
how does one get in the right position
for a chest press?
I'm gonna make it look easy.
You're gonna need to practice
this a little bit.
I'm not intentionally making it look easy,
I just do it every other day.
Because I follow the program
and I've been doing it for three years.
So it's okay if you've got to try
this a couple of times,
but watch the video very carefully,
because there's a lot of little nuances.
So I'm just gonna take a black band,
and we're gonna hook it.
Hook it on the bar, like this.
So, normal position.
So you want to start by
grabbing not the bar,
but the band.
So everybody see that,
this is a triangle.
Now I'm going to grab it
with I do with my right arm,
I'm going to put it over my head.
And I'm going to get it cross body
so that it's parallel with how my body is.
So I got as much slack here as here.
So cross body,
we all got that.
Now what I'm going to do
is I'm going to take this side,
the upper side,
and drop it down,
so that the band is in between the deltoid
and the tricep.
So it's in this position,
it's in the correct
position on the left side
of my body, your right.
Now I'm gonna drop the other arm through
and I'm ready to do it.
It's just sitting right in position.
So all I have to do now
is grab a hold of the bar
and push away from myself.
Now I also keep constant tension.
You notice how it all goes slack
at the bottom like this.
So to do it right,
you keep tension on it,
which is actually going
to stimulate more muscle growth.
So just push away from yourself
and keep constant tension
until you can't do any reps anymore.